It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong. You're watching
the China Show. I'm Annabelle Droulers
with David Ingles.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Our top stories today, Asian stocks
rising, Treasury sliding as traders
trimming bets for a Fed rate cuts
following a stronger than expected US
jobs report. The so-called
AI scare trade spreads to this region
with real estate services, biotech
stocks tracking declines among peers on
Wall Street. Meanwhile, we'll be
watching shares of NetEase as we
approach the Hong Kong open today.
Fourth quarter of gaming revenue missing
Wall Street estimates. It's ADRs down
4%.
And we'll hear from the crypto
industry's largest exchange, that
Binance CEO Richard Teng joins us to
discuss the outlook for the sector and a
new partnership with one of the world's
largest [music] asset managers.
Well, happy Thursday. Yes,
a day [laughter] two Friday the 13th.
So, it's time to get those lucky trades
in.
>> [laughter]
>> Well, I guess there have been some
elements of surprise, you could say,
because that was definitely the US labor
market report overnight, for instance.
Lots more jobs being added than what was
expected, because it was 130,000 the
figure, and well ahead of estimates. Of
course, then you've got that
expectation, what does it mean for the
Fed? And and further easing bets just
get taken off the table. Yeah, but
double the median, I think, was what the
jobs print came out. And, you know, so
we're looking at the rate sensitive
sectors, obviously the you know, a
degree below
your usual repricing out of the Fed. And
I think as it pertains to markets here,
so it's like things like gold, for
example, are feeling somewhat pressure.
I'm looking at Hong Kong property stocks
as I guess another cohort to watch
because that specific group of names
have been hitting
highs after highs day after day. Hong
Kong financials is is part and parcel to
that and obviously because we simply
import monetary policy from the US.
Lesser rate hikes means perhaps more
pressure than that. Apart from that,
there's also the this this emergence of
this AI scare trade and it's you know,
it's gone from sort of industry group to
industry group and the latest one was
biotech and some of the property
services.
>> Yeah, property. I think it's sort of it
kind of feels a little bit
indiscriminate actually. But but really
just trying to understand which business
models, which sectors are most at risk
from this. But yeah, we've we've gone
from software, private credit, insurers,
brokers start of the week as well,
management overnight. Yeah, property and
and biotech are the latest here. Yeah,
we'll we'll watch that very very
closely. In fact, in the next hour JP
Morgan will be joining us. Asset
Management and of course one of their
strategists that looks specifically and
has some expertise of course in the AI
space. Stay the course is what they're
saying. Will there be a nuance to that?
Stay tuned for that interview coming up.
As we approach the open today, have a
look at where we are. A50 futures should
be punching higher last we checked. The
tailwinds are coming through
across equity markets. A lot of that in
the form of South Korea which was we'll
show you in a moment here. S&P futures
slightly to the upside. Modest upside
we're seeing across markets like Japan.
Keep in mind Taiwan is closed today
and that goes into next week as well. So
just keep that in mind as it pertains to
I guess a function of volumes and sort
of the AI proxies in the region here.
Speaking of Korea, the Kospi benchmark
is hitting fresh highs today and what
else is new with the two? We're calling
this the Kospi 2, right? Samsung
Electronics and SK Hynix pushing to the
upside 3 to 4%. The macro picture
looking like this and of course within
the sort of cross asset space we're
looking specifically at nickel given the
news out of Indonesia and perhaps less
supply coming to the market. The core is
there more in that in a moment. Dollar
is softer for I think a fourth or even
fifth straight day. Two-year yield,
obviously pressure coming through there.
We're coming off a little bit after this
sort of repricing to the upside on
yields. They're 3 and 1/2%. If if T,
well, if before E 50 futures, we're
looking at the Golden Dragon index Kweb.
NetEase, we talked about that stock to
watch today. Hang Seng giving up some of
the gains we had midweek. And yes, the
Shanghai nickel contract coming up very
shortly and the 10-year yield did take
out the 1.8% handle. I think we've seen
five
days of declines across the 10-year
yield. Could be six. We'll see what
happens today. Dollar China inching ever
closer to that 690 handle.
Yeah, let's bring in our executive
editor for Asian markets, Paul Dobson,
for more on this. So, Paul, even though
we've got
as I said further bets of Fed easing
sort of being
reduced somewhat,
we do see equities that are moving
higher in the region today. So, it seems
like the report overall is being treated
as good news.
Yeah, morning, Annabelle. I mean, I
think that you want to separate a little
bit the Asian narrative from the US
narrative right now. Yes,
the jobs data do show that the US
economy is relatively strong. It's also
seeing people pushing back those bets on
when the Fed will next cut interest
rates. But look, Asia has its own story
at the moment. The MSCI Asia Pacific
index is outperforming the S&P 500 index
by about 10 percentage points this year.
That's the most for the start of the
year this century. You know, it's boom
times in Asia. You talked about it with
the Kospi index just marching higher
every day with a Y in it, it seems to go
up at the moment. It has those
tailwinds. You know, people are worried
about the impact of AI, but the people
that are making the stuff that powers
the AI are here. And those companies are
doing extremely well, and there's a lot
of enthusiasm about how the rest of the
market is tapping into that and how
that's going to fuel not only uh
positive economic effects, but also a
wealth effect across the region. So,
there's still that momentum that's
driving the Asia Asia Pacific region
equities higher well ahead of the US
with the extra tailwind of stronger
currencies
relative to the dollar
and also against Europe.
And Paul, the how about the AI scare
trade specifically and do we have to
look at that through a different lens in
the Asia Pacific?
I think the last couple of days or so
has certainly told us almost as much.
A little bit. I mean, there's fewer
companies that grab the headlines here
that are
of the same nature as those in the US.
You know, the big global firms that are
very labor intensive and charge high
fees for it. We did see impact of course
in the India services sector for
example. So, there are pockets and
companies where people are going to be
looking at whether AI is going to be
doing the job for them at some point. I
mean, everybody should be paying
attention to that, right? Okay, the
latest iteration of the AI models just
seem so powerful and so the progress is
so rapid at the moment that there's
definitely going to be an existential
threat to some businesses over the over
the next 5 or 10 years. You know, maybe
not today, but you do want to think now
about how are they reacting? What are
they doing about it? How are they being
more efficient and using it or is it
going to be able to kind of eat their
lunch over time? So,
you know, I think that I think that the
for our region as I was saying, we have
more of the the sort of
start of the the supply chain if you
will
for AI. But yeah, I mean, it always pays
to be cognizant about where those risks
may emerge next and who's
under scrutiny
from the power of AI.
Paul, thank you so much. Paul Dobson
there in Singapore for us. Staying on
theme here, Chinese AI developers,
certainly one stock we'll be tracking.
Uh today, Zhurpu is releasing this
upgrades uh to its flagship model.
That's I think it's today, of course,
when it comes out and becomes public.
They're accelerating this race here to
preempt an expected new product from
Deep Seek. Let's bring in our China
correspondent, who's been watching the
latest iterations of the technology
coming through these next couple of days
or so. Yeah, so the race is heating up
because Zhurpu is just one of those uh
following on
after Deep Seek sorry, after ByteDance
and Moonshot. They are all sort of
releasing their upgrades to their
flagship models ahead of Lunar New Year.
And everybody's anticipating Deep Seek's
new model that is expected sometime
after Lunar New Year around the same
time as they they released it last year.
Um and this is a model that has double
the parameters of the previous model.
And the greater number of parameters you
have, the more sophisticated and nuanced
the understanding of the AI tool and
generative capability. So,
uh Zhurpu has now said that it's going
to charge 30% higher price for its
latest model. Um and
if you look at the company which just
debuted in Hong Kong just about a month
ago, its stock price has surged
tremendously and it's actually doing
much better than the traditional large
tech companies including Alibaba,
Tencent. And the company has said that
it's benchmarked its product against
Anthropic. And we know Anthropic has
already led to this software sell-off in
the US. Um and the company CTO said that
Deep Seek had been a wake-up call for
them. And they're going to go back to
their roots of focusing on fundamental
research.
So, that's the AI story. And we can
track, of course, that AI at the open.
But but NetEase is another company we're
going to be watching just off the back
of earnings. So, what what stood out to
you in in the numbers? Yeah, again, it
didn't do very well. And that AI theme
again proving to be a disruptor in the
gaming sector as well because this is a
company whose
revenue grew by about 3% in the fourth
quarter. That's much less than what it
had
in the first, second, and third quarter
of last year. Look at the Look at net
income. It
It declined by 30% close to 30%. You
look at what's being shown on the
screen. Every single metric there had
missed analyst estimates. But still,
some analysts are pretty confident in
the long-term prospect of this stock.
You have JP Morgan saying buy on the dip
because they believe that the the
fundamentals of this company is still
intact and some of the headline miss is
because of the below the line sort of
metrics that are coming through.
And you look at Jefferies as well saying
that AI could be beneficial to this
company because NetEase has been one of
those that has been actively
incorporating AI throughout
all of its workflow. So, it could be
beneficial for them rather than a
threat. And Citi as well saying that
this doesn't really change their outlook
on the longevity of their gaming
portfolio.
Min-Min, thanks so much for joining us.
That was our China correspondent Min-Min
Rho there and just taking us on that
earnings theme into the agenda for the
session today cuz there are some big
companies that are coming out with their
figures. We've got Hua Hong that's going
to be an interesting one to track after
we had SMIC, of course. We saw some
weakness in that stock. Lenovo, another
one. Are they still I mean, we spoke to
them at the end of the last year with
their earnings period and they were
saying that they were going to be able
to stave off that memory chip crunch.
Are they still able to do that? Some of
the sectors in focus they've already
mentioned but utilities, Hong Kong
property, nickel. We're continuing to
track that CGB rally. You were saying
for a fifth straight session we've seen
yields moving higher. Do we get to a
sixth? And then as well, those PBOC
liquidity injections. That happens in
just a few minutes from now. Yeah, well,
we'll see because it was double the
amount from the previous day that we had
on Wednesday. Of course, of course, the
fix as we approach the 690 handle and of
course, on the injections, it's seasonal
as we approach the the long holiday
that's coming up, of course, in mainly
China. Just a note as well there on the
utility stocks because we do have some
guidelines coming through here as it
pertains to anti
monopoly. I'll correct myself if I'm
wrong. I'm just trying to find the
actual story for that as well. But yes,
lots of sectors to watch going into the
open today. Speaking of nickel here,
we'll focus in on what's been taking
place. Indonesia signaling a sharp cut
to output this year in a bid bid to
boost prices. So everything from [music]
miners to battery
material stocks going to be very much
all its proxies in the region. Cutting
into the open to trade Shanghai Shenzhen
here in Hong Kong. This is the China
show.
>> [music]
>> The Republican-led US House has passed
legislation aimed at ending President
Trump's tariffs on Canada. The move
signals growing anxiety over the White
House economic agenda ahead of midterm
elections. Let's bring in our Washington
deputy bureau chief Laura Davidson
joining us this morning. So yeah, Trump
has threatened to veto similar measures
in the past. So it's sort of unclear
whether this is actually ever going to
become law, but it certainly does, as we
said, show that growing anxiety
essentially. What does it mean for
tariffs? It means that the vibes are
very bad, at least politically. You
know, Republicans are going into an
election year. They have to face voters
really as soon as just a couple months
from now for some of these primary races
and then again in November. And as cost
of living and affordability issues are
at the top of voters' agenda, tariffs
are one of the things that are getting
the blame for some of those those higher
prices. So while we're, you know, while
this legislation will likely never
become law, it's not going to
necessarily repeal these tariffs, it
shows a growing rift within the
Republican party about how how willing
they are to stand behind Trump and these
policies. And you have a lot of them, at
least six, who so far have come out and
said, "Nope, we need to cut charter our
own path." which really could signal a
different uh path for the Republican
Party going forward
post-Trump, post-tariff. Mhm. It just
broadly on USMCA, what is this we
understand around the president
privately considering
getting out of that? Yeah, so the the
president has publicly mused um you know
about this uh this renegotiation
deadline which will hit this summer. Um
but privately he's he's taken a little
bit more of a
a strident view here, you know, kind of
peppering his aides with questions on
should we the US go ahead and pull out
of this entirely? That would be highly
unexpected. This deadline is not really
a you know this is usually sort of a pro
forma deadline. They you know extend
this deal, you know, it's it's set to go
for for several more years. This would
you know really upend trade negotiations
and trade relations within North America
if you just completely pull uh the rules
of the road off. You know, it's not
quite as extreme as something like
Brexit, but it's it's akin to that of
you would you know there's so much cross
border trade happening here that it
would really you know be a huge shock to
the economy of the entire continent. So
then what is the most likely path
forward do you think given you do have
reviews that are scheduled for this
year? What we know from Trump is he
likes to take these maximalist positions
at the beginning of a negotiation and
he'll kind of throw out the the biggest
uh you know sort of most shock-worthy
thing to the markets and then scales
back from there. This is kind of your
classic taco trade um happening here. So
we can anticipate that this may be
something he announces uh but you know
may not necessarily be exactly what he
set on doing. He's using this as
leverage to get some something from uh
Scheinbaum and Carney um in these
negotiations. Laura, thank you.
Fantastic. Uh quick not very nice wrap
there of the big news on that front.
Laura Davison there our Washington
deputy uh bureau chief here. Right. Uh
we're just looking at the RMB fix of the
day it's out now 6.9457.
The estimates for
for just doing some rough math here that
should The estimates are for something
like 200 or so pips
south of the level and as you can see
we're looking at a bounce on dollar
China as we are coming close but clearly
did not not not as not as close now to
the 6.90 handle. Uh I'm also just
waiting for any indication of how big if
any the liquidity injection is going to
be. No No information on that so far
given of course the relative drop we're
seeing in repo rates on short. Okay,
from the rates market we're looking at
commodities now and of course the big
move overnight into perhaps still today.
There we go nickel futures. That's the
Shanghai That's the China contract on
your screens at the bottom. London's at
the top 2.4% Sources have told Bloomberg
and here's a story. Indonesia of course
massive swing producer wants a sharp cut
to output this year curbing supply from
the world's biggest mine in a bid to
support prices. Nickel prices exactly.
Let's bring in Andrew Janes or A or
energy and commodities editor with us
from Singapore.
Yeah, Andrew talk us through this. The
rationale seems straightforward in terms
of putting a floor underneath prices.
Specifically how is Indonesia looking to
do that though?
Hi David. Uh yes, so we're talking about
the Weda Bay nickel mine that's in
Halmahera in Eastern Indonesia and it's
the world's biggest mine.
Um yeah, so so the government has told
them that um their quota for this year
will be only 12 million tons and that's
down from um about 42 million tons last
year. So that's a that's a massive drop.
Um
Eramet uh a French company which is part
owner has sort of subsequently confirmed
those numbers. The company's also part
owned by Tsingshan Holdings from China
and and a local company Aneka Tambang.
Yeah, so I mean prices started rallying
mid-December when uh we first started
getting reports that Indonesia would be
looking to sharply um sort of lower
nickel production this year.
Um they're up about a quarter since
then.
Um
Indonesia now accounts for around
two-thirds of global nickel production.
And I mean, ironically,
nickel prices have been trending down
over the last three or four years, and
the increased production out of
Indonesia has been one of those one of
the main reasons for that. Uh as well as
um
slightly disappointing sort of demand
from um
the EV industry and a bit of a move away
nickel chemistries to to non-nickel
chemistries in back batteries.
So So what is then the the supply-demand
dynamic going to look like
if you have actually seen Indonesia not
so necessarily flooding the market, but
but certainly it seems like excess
supply. Is this just bringing it back
into balance, do you think?
I think that's the goal. I mean,
overall, they uh looking at total nickel
production for this year of about 260 to
270 million tons. That would be a drop
of about 70% from last year's target. Um
analysts sort of say that level should
be enough to to support prices going
forward. As I mentioned, we're already
up about a quarter since mid-December.
Although some of that's also due to the
fact that nickel was was caught up in
these sort of speculative buying of
metals last month, which sort of pushed
up prices. But
um
as part of the quota system, they get
reviewed at the half year, and they can
be changed then. So I think Indonesian
authorities are obviously looking
for a sizable jump in prices, and
depending on what happens, we could then
see
um
an adjustment um at the mid-year.
Andrew, great to have you with us this
morning. That was Andrew James there in
Singapore. Uh let's take a look at how
futures are setting up, cuz we're just
less than 10 minutes away now from the
opening Hong Kong and also Mainland
China and looking for a slight bit of
weakness, maybe some mixed moves at the
open here. Continuing to track that
Chinese yield there and we also got that
Yuan reference rate. You can see at the
bottom of your screen there. So, 694.57.
Again, another day ahead of the
estimate. But, uh taking a look as well
at some of the movers because we've got
a big focus on the tech space and
particular AI has been just another big
theme of an item Wall Street, but this
is for a different reason. Uh ZAI or or
also so commonly known as Zhipu, one of
the the leading Chinese AI developers.
So, they're going to be releasing a new
update to their GLM model. This is going
to be the fifth iteration
designed to tackle complex coding
agentic tasks. And they say that they
say essentially it goes head to head
with the foundation model from
Anthropic. So, you are seeing that stock
there moving quite significantly to the
upside. But, we'll have more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Good morning. Welcome back to the show
about just over 5 minutes to the opening
bell. And as you can see, we are gliding
into the Thursday opening bell um with
a touch a pinch of weakness going into
today. We are of course coming off two
or three days of gains depending on
which benchmark you're looking at there.
Half of 1% to the downside. We're
looking specifically more on this of
course in a moment here. The AI plays
with in Zhipu, uh the latest one up 9%
in the pre-market. Just to also mention
seasonally
uh
the the PBOC coming in with a bigger
injection today, bigger than already the
big one that we had on Wednesday, which
was double the previous day. So, we're
looking at
I think nearly 450B. There we go. Uh
anyway, uh on the specific stocks we'll
be talked about. This 9% to the upside.
Uh it's uh it goes live today and okay,
this really comes ahead of what is
widely speculated, not confirmed I
believe, Deep Seek will be releasing
their own version.
It's speculated the market towards the
during the holidays, of course, in the
next couple of days. Anyway, one to
watch, I guess, if if it does come to
fruition. Yes, certainly. I mean, it's
it would be timely and and you're
certainly getting a lot of eyeballs over
that break as well. China Property
Services, another one to track. You're
looking at the property sector for for I
guess more localized reasons. We have
seen a big run-up, but also just
overnight to say, "Okay, this really
doesn't
>> [laughter]
>> put the wind in our sails." But but
essentially It's the AI scare trade, the
property services ones. Yes. So,
yeah, yeah, yeah. So, this was the
Well, I guess it's it's the it's again,
it's the perfect example of how maybe
the AI scare trade is more US story. You
don't have our pronounced names. But in
any case, that I guarantee that will be
the last time you look at this board
today from an editorial standpoint. All
right, CATL up 2%, tech bond issued at
let's let's check this rate, 1.69.
That's a coupon. There we go. NetEase
earning story, Manulife and Budweiser
APAC out with earnings earlier on.
NetEase was [music] yesterday and we're
down about 2% of that. There's really a
stitching together the sort of
alcohol embargo that's taking place.
Budweiser, Asahi, and Heineken
yesterday. We'll talk more about that
story in a moment. The opening bell just
ahead. This is the China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show counting down to the open of your
cash markets in a greater China. As you
can see,
you know what, we've been range-bound
for the last
not not a few days, of course. We're
coming off gains, but you know, the
outside of South Korea and obviously
Taiwan being closed, there's really not
a lot of uh action across these markets
today. Uh of course, the big news
overnight was the solid [music] job
support double the median. We're getting
pricing back as far as the rate cuts are
concerned. So, I think we're pushing
that back by about a month. Weaker
dollar, weaker gold. We're looking at
Hong Kong property as a proxy, of
course, [music] of US rates. Apart from
that, obviously AI and tech is going to
be and earnings, too, going to be
focusing very much in focus today there.
Yeah, we got some key earnings coming
up. We've got Huawei, we've got Lenovo.
They're probably the two standouts for
the session today, but it has been sort
of a bit [music] of a mixed picture so
far. Let's take a look though at the
market open because we are just seeing
some very modest upside at the beginning
here of trade. Some of the names we're
going to be watching in particular is
CATL, of course. We've just got their
their technology bond or their first
tranche of that being being issued. The
coupon on that is 1.69%
according to a filing to the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange. Otherwise, we're seeing
really
kind of a little bit range bound so far
in the session. Continuing to track
yields, of course, because we just
breached that 1.8% level on the 10-year.
And as Dave was saying, rising for five
straight sessions so far, does it become
six
for today?
Let's take a look as well at what's
happening in Hong Kong today because we
do have a couple of different stocks
we're tracking closely. Firstly, ZAI or
Jipu, you can see there at the bottom of
the screen. So, this stock is jumping.
We are going to get an update
essentially to its its its foundation
model. This is the GLM, the fifth
iteration coming out. They're saying
it's very comparable to what you see
from Anthropic with their Claude Opus
series. Just looking at similar
performance, similar capabilities as
well. But this one is very much focused
on complex coding, agentic tasks.
Otherwise, it's a fair bit of red across
the screen. Something in common actually
with with Alibaba, Baidu, Meituan. All
of these stocks, according to CCTV or
all of these companies, rather, have
actually been summoned by by officials
in Beijing. They're looking at train
ticket sales. So, just an interesting
one to track given where of course
approaching the Lunar New Year holiday
and it is the biggest travel period of
the year in mainland China.
Let's take a look at some of the movers
in the metal space. We're watching
nickel this morning. This is an
interesting one of course to track just
given what we got from Indonesia and
essentially they're looking to restrict
nickel output quite considerably. Is
that really I mean it we were just
talking with Andrew James there from our
reporting team but but essentially
saying you're bringing that
supply back into balance a little bit it
seems because Indonesia makes up around
2/3 of of of global supply.
We're just seeing some of these mining
stocks just moving a little bit higher
so far and that earnings one to track as
we said at Nedbank we already got those
numbers out overnight not good numbers.
We saw a slip in ADRs. Game sales a big
focus for us and and and Budweiser as
well. You're watching that one Dave the
story on that one. Yeah, it was a it was
a decline across most financial metrics
and I think key here is well number one
obviously the stocks reacting as you
would expect. It's it's very it's
consistent with what we've heard from
peers in the industry, right? And
obviously we haven't gone through the
fine print but Asahi's come out and said
I think beer sales are down. Let me just
get that up just I have that's accurate
for me.
Heineken yesterday in the European
session came out and it was quite a big
number as far as some of the the job
cuts are concerned. I'm just looking at
Asahi. Just give me a second here. But
it just goes to show, right? This this
this shifting trend of less alcohol
consumption per capita is really Here we
go. Japan beer sales are fell 11%
according to Asahi in in January. So, I
think this is something to to to keep an
eye on certainly as we go into
Valentine's weekend.
>> [laughter]
>> There we go.
Which you're looking forward to. I am
not. They they are I'm about to get
swindled for the same exact liver pate.
They're just going to put it on the
bigger plate to make it fancier, but but
yes,
uh we can talk about the the phenomenon
of Valentine's inflation
a bit later on. Speaking of inflation,
uh
markets were graded of course in in
mainland China last year, right? The
markets were depending on I think the
benchmark 20 to 40%.
It was really good environment for
passive and active investing. Quant
funds and quant strategies did did quite
well. In fact,
Lingjun Investment was China's best
performing quant fund last year among
firms managing over 10 billion RMB.
Return of more than 70%. That's 70.
Let's get more on the strategy and bring
in their senior portfolio manager here
on set with us. Sillian John is here on
set. Good morning. Very nice to see you.
Thank you for having me. 70% good year.
Yes, for sure. It was
>> Uh it has been a really great year for
quant funds in China both from the alpha
generation side and also the beta. For
those that doesn't know, right? The
China allowed the strategy are long only
but short neutral. So we also will
benefit from the beta and the supportive
government policy which increased the
market liquidity,
market participation, overall market
breadth. Those has all been very good
for us and we expect this trend to
persist. Hm. And so far from the start
of the year, how have things been in
terms of you guys and just the beta
trade? Yeah, so beta has been really
strong. Everything's been growing and
there's been a lot of systematic
rotations.
So this type of environment obviously
because last year we did really well,
the whole industry did really well. So
there are some expected sort of
reversions, but it's all within our
model expectations and we we can say
that the alpha is still really strong
and it has been recovering especially in
the in February in the recent past few
weeks and I think we still can produce
extremely good returns for the investors
going forward in this year. Okay, and so
the top strategies that you're employing
right now, like what are the big in
terms of price movement and momentum or
key factors?
What stands out to you so far? So, for
quant strategy, we're kind of different
from the discretionary as we are really
diversified. Our exposure is extremely
diversified. We have tens of thousands
of different hypotheses that we trade
in. Under risk controls, that we do a
lot of like sector hedging,
long-short stock pairing, and basically
risk control to manage our exposures.
And all of these mix up so that we we
don't really put our eggs into one
basket. So, we have stuff that's from
fundamentals, from
technical signals, from opinions, from
sentiments, from
for example, an alternative data AI
models. So, those are part a big part of
our strategies.
Just to go back to those hypotheticals
cuz you're saying you're trading or
positioning for a lot of different
scenarios. From one end of the spectrum
to the other, what what are you sort of
factoring for and then what's the most
extreme to the other, I guess?
So,
so yeah, we trade so the the way that we
do is that we really manage our our risk
extremely well.
The the name of the game in the quant
industry is really about
diversification. So, we kind of look at
the market dynamics.
There are different products as as you
said, like the benchmark relative
products is extremely popular in in
China mainly due to the market structure
and also demand from investors. The
large cap will be much more defensive
and the small caps will be much more
aggressive in the maximizing return. And
we have people that basically
and any spectrum of the demands of the
demand cycle. And we really tailor our
products to suit suit the
specific investor. So, on the on the on
the basically the large caps, you might
be more fundamental driven so that when
the market is you know, not doing well,
you can have that defensive positioning.
Well, on the maybe small caps, we can
give them the maximize return that they
want, but you would expect to have more
turbulence along the way. And what if
you do make assumptions, of course, I
just have to caveat, if you do make
assumptions, what is the assumption
you're making around large and small cap
performance because to your point a
large cap sort of [clears throat] pay
your bills, small caps give you the
bonus, right? And small caps have been
outperforming recently. So how is that
changing and what do you think is going
to happen there?
>> Yeah, so so so the beta part is actually
you know it's extremely good, has been
extremely good in the past. But for us
what we're focusing on is not delivering
just beta for the investors, but real
alpha generation. And that can be done
throughout like you know all the all the
like all the all the all the benchmarks,
not just the large and small.
There is definitely more liquidity and
in the in the large caps and more
information I guess efficiency. So you
would expect that there's the trade off
between information efficiency and
liquidity and uh and return. And on the
small cap there's is less information
efficiency I would say and you know we
like we like volatility and small cap
have more volatility. So that will also
give us you know more maximizing return.
But alpha generation you know across
will be always it's pretty good. Like
last year for the even the the the large
cap products such as Hushen 300 and A500
which is synonymous to the S&P 500 we
will be able to create even like 15 to
20% excess return. And on the small cap
we'll be able to deliver you know 30 to
40%. You mentioned here quant investing
is shifting from traditionally with
people know a speed and scale to high
quality development. Like what what what
what what do you mean by that? How does
that tangibly show up in in in your in
your in your
>> Yeah, so relative to the Western
counterparts you will say that
quant industry in China is relatively
nascent. So in the beginning you
obviously will be speed speed to to
market and also getting that scale to
economy. But that's also with the you
know the core Chinese economy will
always will start starting to shift
towards that quality over quantity. And
this also has to do with the investor
preference. The investors are getting
more sophisticated, getting more global
in like international. So, they what
they want is basically long-term stable
return rather than you know just
maximize return
sort of product. And also with the
proliferation of AI models and all these
advanced
you know risk control and risk
management concepts, it also makes it so
that
you know
quality becomes much more important in
this much more fierce competitive market
where there's a lot more just firms and
a lot more assets that's coming in.
Speaking of assets coming in, it's done
you know you guys have done very well.
Have you seen a lot of inflows into not
just your fund but you know across your
peer group? Yeah, so the quant industry
in China is really getting a lot more
recognition. So, that has two sides. It
attracts a lot of good talents which
helps with the speedy development of the
of the industry. And other side, you
know the network competition is also
growing a lot. I think in 2024, the
number of 10 billion plus RMB shops is
in the maybe 30s and now it will be well
over 50. And I think the assets grow to
over a trillion by probably like more
like 50% in the past two year two years.
And that creates a lot of like capacity
constraints and you know how to monetize
this capacity with you like new novel
innovative thinking and you know
managing our market impact, managing our
our scale, manage how we monetize new
new signals as well as how to scale up
our existing signals. So, it also
poses a lot of challenges. In terms of
just
I guess improving the capacity and I
guess finding the edge if you want to
frame it that way. We talked about this
during the break. How are you guys using
AI for example in terms of just
enhancing
uh the machine learning and your models
and your algorithms?
>> Yeah. So, so we we invest a lot like uh
I think all the funds in the industry
does. In in
and also in infrastructure, whether it's
the hardware, software, or you know,
trading or other platforms.
AI, I think we're actively, you know,
investing our research in it and we
truly believe that it's going to become
a very integral part of the quant
strategy. And this is how the market has
perceived us, like a lot of the
investors perceived like, you know, the
quant industry to be in a really good
place to benefit from the proliferation
of AI models. So, we see that the AI
model will be moving, you know, more
from the the current synthesizing of
data to more as a really core architect
of a strategy going forward. Do you get
concerned at all when you see the
sell-off in wealth management stocks for
instance though, because it has been a
one of the big questions we've had it
just the the power for for AI to disrupt
business models. Yes, you can integrate
it further. You ever worried about sort
of displacement though as well? I would
say that for for us, we're really
against really about diversification.
So, we don't put our eggs in the one one
basket. What we look at is basically the
short-term micro system turbulence in
the market such as, you know, turbulence
in
disruption in the cross-asset
correlation and volatility surges,
liquidity crisis, or maybe, you know,
abrupt changes in capital rebalancing.
But those are
like all well managed by our risk models
and those are expected. And in the in
the medium term, we would expect our
model to adapt and everything to be
behaved as normal. And if I if I say the
very long term, right? Like to us it's
never about not
encountering any storms, but it's really
about having a solid foundation, you
know, the diversification, the risk
controls, and just overall firm
preparedness to basically weather
through these storms. Final
question for you. The the the basic or
you know, the the ongoing debate right
now among the international investment
community when they look at the Chinese
market rather simplistically if in my
opinion, but how does the market do in
Europe? What's your market outlook this
year? So, whether that's a call on beta
onshore, and how does that sort of
juxtapose that with still the very weak
macro
environment as far as the economy is
concerned. Right. So, So, first of all,
I think the the government support, the
encouraging government policy in China
will we believe that it will persist.
It's It's the It's It's the trend. Mhm.
Um and second of all,
the macro policies of I think that's the
one of the good thing about the Chinese
market. And this has allowed
I think a lot of international investors
came to realize is that first of all,
Chinese market kind of have very low
correlation with the rest of the
developing economy. Mhm. And on top of
that, like quant funds actually have a
low correlation with more of the
traditional strategies as well. So, in
some sense, the Chinese economy is more
insulated, protected from this kind of
macro headwinds. Mhm. And second of all,
on the quant side, because like I I've
been emphasizing the diversification and
our hundreds and thousands of signals,
and the risk control and portfolio
construction, that further insulates us
from this kind of macro sort of
exposure, the broader market beta
exposure. Mhm.
See Young, great to have you with us
this morning. Yeah, please join us
again. That was See Young
senior portfolio manager at Lingjun
Investment. And coming up, we'll have
more on markets with JP Morgan Asset
Management who think [music] investors
might be losing patience as they wait
for US hyperscalers to justify their big
spending plans. More ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> You're watching the China show, taking a
look at WeRide here. It's actually under
pressure this morning. There is some
reporting from Dow Jones around the
company's plans, but they're looking at
slashing costs, and aiming to double as
well their robot taxi fleet,
scaling to 3,000 by the end of the year.
So, we are keeping a very close watch
really on on
WeRide, Pony.ai also, Baidu as well,
just given these are the the Chinese
ride-hailing or or robotaxi giants in
mainland China. And the threat as well
that could be posed from from Waymo
because we've spoken with the co-CEO of
Alphabet's Waymo that says the
autonomous driving unit will top 1
million paid weekly robotaxi rides by
the end of this year.
Tekedra Macwana told us his funding
round this month that valued the
business at $126 billion
is a vote of confidence.
We are just laser focused on execution.
Uh you know, building Waymo to be a
financially responsible, operationally
excellent, and then make sure we
maintain the safety culture. Like that's
what we're really focused on. Having
this vote of confidence, as you said,
not only from Alphabet, but from our
three co-leads from this round, and from
all of the new investors who decided to
join our cap table, and the existing
ones who doubled down on their belief
that this is the right opportunity to
fund. And so, we just feel humbled, uh
but also there's a lot to do. So, we're
just really focused on making sure that
we can scale, focusing on our two first
international launches, you know, London
and Tokyo, and scaling across the United
States. We do not yet have, although
there has been progress towards just
this week, a federal-level framework,
set of rules. Um
what do you think the direction of
travel it it is with that? And and you
know, clearly if you had to deal with
one set of rules and not a city-by-city,
let alone state-by-state
basis or case, you'd be making a bit
more progress, I suppose. Yeah, we think
it's really important that there is a
federal AV standard. Um we've been
advocating for sort of a safety
case-based approach because the
technologies are different, and we think
that the burden should be on companies
to demonstrate why you believe your
technology is safe enough. We also think
there should be transparency
requirements. You know, people should
have to demonstrate how many trips are
you providing? You know, I don't right
now the balance isn't quite there. I
mean some states require a lot of
reporting, some don't require as much
reporting. I think the United States has
an opportunity with this technology to
lead globally and I don't think you can
lead globally if it's a framework that's
governed by multiple jurisdictions
across the states and it's a way to slow
down the adoption of this technology not
only in the US but in other markets.
New York City. New York City not
necessarily New York State. A lot of
people want to know what's the the road
block there pardon the the expression.
And and what's the timeline?
You know, you you you work closely with
the authorities but
that is a big potential market. Yeah,
that's a market where you know, we're
just going to have to do the work and
demonstrate our safety outcomes and earn
the trust and chisel away at it over
time.
>> the rules for you to follow? They do not
have rules that allow the human operator
to be removed from our vehicle entirely.
>> And until that changes And until that
changes but you know, there is an
interest in doing this in the state even
outside of the city and that gives us an
opportunity to grow more fans and fans
actually are calling for this in cities
where our technology can't be deployed.
We are seeing organic campaigns spring
up saying I want Waymo in my town. San
Francisco, the Bay Area is is my home.
London's where I grew up. And I was
studying the map of the boroughs that
you
propose to launch in and and you correct
me if my math is wrong but just based on
those boroughs at launch this seems to
be the biggest city wide deployment from
the start that that you guys will have
done. Is is that correct?
Um it possibly it's correct. I mean
we're in the phases of figuring out the
specifics around the launch and figuring
out the actual framework around the
launch. And so I don't want to speak to
you definitively about what we're going
to do. But what you're speaking to is
we're not gated by the technology.
Right.
>> And we have the appetite to scale and we
want a partner and do so safely and we
want to earn trust. So that's like
there's a lot of levers there that we
have to figure out how to strike the
right balance and how to make sure that
we're introducing it to the community
both to meet the demand and to grow the
I asked because of those 20 cities to
come London is one. Yes. And London is
now outside of the European Union, but
it's you know, it's kind of your Europe
launch.
>> Yes. What what was that experience like
within London's regulatory framework and
the the UK's regulatory framework?
They're they've been extremely
forward-leaning and interested in seeing
how this technology could actually
improve safety on the roadways. And
that's where I think, you know, we find
a sweet spot when people are less sort
of complacent about the status quo.
Here we go. That was of course our
co-anchor Ed Ed Ludlow out of Bloomberg
Tech with the co-CEO of Waymo there of
course discussions around the business
and the trends regulatory environment
and everything in between. Right, we
have another big interview coming up
here on within the tech space slash
intersection with the crypto market.
Binance the co-CEO Richard Teng will be
joining us in a couple of minutes at
those times on the screen. So call it 40
or so minutes from now. Their outlook
for the sector amidst the latest bout of
all in the market. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> We're about 20 just going on 25 minutes
into the cash market session and give it
a minute or two here. CATL and H shares
to the upside. So, number one is you
have of course this
local currency or yuan tech bond being
priced at a coupon on your screens. The
other is related to the next board
that's coming up and certainly related
to, you know, if nickel prices are on
the way up, what does it mean for
downstream battery producers and sort of
that connection between the two.
Certainly on from a upstream
perspective, a lot of the nickel
producers are really feeling the
tailwinds coming through out of the big
sort of news out of Indonesia looking to
curb supply and put further support
across the markets.
Nickel prices specifically and of course
Indonesia opens up in the next hour.
We'll keep an eye on that specific
space. Chinese tech on your screens very
shortly. Apart from this, there's also
an earnings overlay here with Lenovo and
we'll talk more about that, but pressure
coming through across some of your big
tech plays there from Baba all the way
down to buy to in the order of about two
to two to [music] three percent. Right,
we have plenty more on the way here on
in the next hour of the China show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show taking a
look at how the Hang Seng's faring half
an hour into the session. We're a little
bit under pressure this morning. [music]
We did see a bit of a sell-off overnight
of course in these property linked
stocks and and concerns around AI
disruption essentially. We've we've hit
across a lot of different sectors all
the way from from software names, wealth
management, insurance, now into real
estate, but but that broad-based concern
around what is the disruption actually
going to look like. So, that's one
sector we're watching or one factor
we're watching. But, also I think it's
interesting what Paul Dobson was telling
us in the top of the last hour, which is
you don't necessarily need to think
about the the the narrative of what's
happening in the US markets directly
translating to Asia just given the
outperformance of this region so far
year to date.
>> Yeah, the the picture in shovels is
offsetting the the AI scare trade, at
least for now, right? And I think you
look at a market like Korea and we'll
show you that in a moment,
which has really just gone from strength
to strength and you know, it's probably
one of those times where it's probably
good to ditch the technical chart cuz it
doesn't seem to be giving you proper
signals. I mean, it's been overbought
for
as far as I can remember, really the
Korean markets, right? But, yes. More on
that in a moment. US futures, as you can
see, Nick, you know what? These markets
are boring today.
>> [laughter]
>> Flip the page. Let's talk about
something more exciting. And you know
what scares me when you look at this? We
talked about this earlier on. I'm going
to go on this rant. Um I'm about to get
swindled. It's Valentine's week, right?
So, it's florists are out there. They're
probably going to swindle you out of the
same same
breed of flowers and charge you double
for it.
Um these restaurants are going to put
together the same menu, the same items.
They'll call it something different.
They'll put some music in and they'll
charge you triple for it. Um Can I just
say the fact that you just said breed of
flowers
tells me you're not quite ready for
Saturday. No.
>> [laughter]
>> No. And you know what? Here I am ranting
about it and I'm going to scramble
and, you know, [laughter] be a be a be a
victim to these to these things. And you
know the other thing, too, as you know,
so apart from obviously the the monetary
hit I'm about to take and many many
people, you know, we had this
conversation before. You know how I I
really don't like dentists. Yep.
>> Right? And I'm seeing my dentist later
today and I bet you they are going to
pitch another attempt at my wisdom
teeth. Why are they always after your
wisdom teeth, anyway? And they're going
to charge you an arm and a leg for an
arm and a leg for it. Yeah, I mean if
they've got to come out, they've got to
come out. But let's
>> But they don't.
Okay.
>> Anyway, so we're
>> [laughter]
>> I'm taking us into
>> Indonesian nickel stocks cuz I think we
can also Do you want to talk about that?
Yeah, why not? Yeah, gives me a good
distraction from really
>> [laughter]
>> Let's call it the next 72 hours of
purgatory. Okay.
There we go. Well, let's start with
Aussie financials too, right? So, the
Central Bank governor is opening the
door to further the possibility of
further rate hikes if this inflation
does remain
in a sticky place. You get this and you
get the miners doing about the same in
Oz. You get an index that is really
doing better today than usually the
case. Speaking of miners, Indonesian
nickel. You set that up for me, but I'm
sending it back to you.
>> thank you. Thanks. So, Indonesia
essentially is going to be looking at
Well, they are they've got plans to to
restrict output essentially for this
year on nickel. They have become by far
the world's biggest supplier of nickel
into the market. They've really faced
some supply glut fears, I guess, in
recent years. So, just trying to bring
that supply demand balance back into the
equation and you're seeing here today
lifting some of these sectors higher
stocks higher. Okay, redhead is crossing
the Bloomberg terminal. This is the
40-year GGB yield. We're down 10 basis
points. We're down to 3.625%.
We're looking at that, of course, going
into the last Let's call it the last 28
27 minutes of the cash market session
there
over in Japan. What is the yield doing
right now? And it just also reminds me
to also to remind you guys to keep
watching the CGB market because that's
obviously going to be a factor. Okay,
we're now 363.
Okay, on that. Okay, more in the Korea
rally, right? So, we punched some of the
numbers, right? So, that we're calling
this the KOSPI 2 against everything
else. And when you look at the points
gains coming from Samsung and SK Hynix,
it's about 51%
of the nearly 3,000 points to the the
from 12 months ago on the KOSPI itself.
Everything else is down to
every all 180 834 other stocks in the
KOSPI index. So, I mean, concentration
risk, this is I guess the your poster
child given the AI rally. And memory,
too, right? This is really a memory
story.
>> This is a memory story cuz of course
there there's three big memory chip
makers in the world. It's Samsung, SK
Hynix, and Micron in the US. But, let's
get more on that. Yeah, why not? The AI
trade memory agentic AI. Remember that?
Okay, let's bring in Stephanie Aliaga
here, global market strategist at JP
Morgan Asset Management. Very nice to
see you in the region. Thank you so much
for having me. So, we wake up in the
Asia Pacific to the AI scare trade in
the US. It doesn't quite show up here in
the Asia Pacific. So, how are you
thinking about that as and against the
backdrop of like the winners? I think
some of the scares in the US are also
some of the good news in Asia,
particularly when thinking about what
infrastructure is really needed to
harness agentic AI. I think what markets
are really beginning to price in is this
chat GPT moment for AI agents with the
recent advancements in AI coding tools.
We're realizing that we're going to get
some pretty neat productivity benefits
from these tools. But, what I think
markets have still to really figure out
is the nuts and bolts needed for that.
And when you think about these agentic
systems, and I've been I've been vibe
coding myself lately. It's been a lot of
fun. I have [laughter] We're all soon
going to be vibe coding. I avoided every
Python class that they tried to throw at
me. Yeah.
>> For for the record.
But, now I can create my own charts. I
can create all my custom analyses. But,
I've I've noticed as I'm using these
things, you really have to manage the
memory of these agents, their context,
because they get tired, too, mentally
tired the longer you use them. And so,
these agents require memory is really
the bottleneck here, not just the raw
intelligence of the model, right? Where
GPUs were really the secret there. Now,
it's memory, and it's also the fact that
they're calling different tools. They're
calling different context. So, we're
seeing in a world of agentic AI, we're
going to need a lot more of all of these
different pieces of the chip ecosystem.
Many of those companies with real
bottlenecks, real moats in servicing
that are in Asia, some in the US, too.
But, I think the focus really has to be
on there, and markets maybe can jumping
ahead of themselves a little bit when
thinking about who's going to be
disrupted here. We need to figure out
how do we even get there in terms of
adoption. So, it's still in that sort of
inference side of it or or or
infrastructure side, which is the
inference chip right now, which is the
the deployment of this technology. The
companies though that that have the most
advantage in this space, and I just said
for for Hynix, Samsung, Micron, how do
you think they actually look to take
advantage of that? And how do other
companies look to take advantage of I
guess that pricing power they're going
to be having? Significant pricing power
here, and I think
the reality is um demand is so strong
that they are able to scale up supply
and still maintain that pricing power,
which is a great advantage right now.
But, I think the question is like how
quickly do you want to ramp up that
supply? And really on the other side of
it, um where we've been thinking is
perhaps a risk is the fact that these
chips are getting more expensive because
of those moats that these companies
have. So, when I look at hyperscaler
spending, which is now up 60%
year-over-year, the four big
hyperscalers spending $650 billion, how
much of that is just inflation because
of how expensive memory prices have
gotten. So, I think there's going to be
a challenge here of okay, you have this
pricing power, but you also want to
enable the broader adoption of these
chips in in in um in agentic tools. So,
there's going to be a balancing act
there, and I think the reality is is
like one company's pricing margin is
another company's cost of goods sold,
and we're seeing value begin to really
shift across the value chain.
>> that is that the trade still go long,
still stay long memory, and
sort of just be more cautious on the
downside, like laptops for example? And
you know, Lenovo's coming up with their
earnings today. They've talked about
this issue of memory, of course, as
as their as their cost
>> Yeah. I think that's how markets are
reacting in many ways. So, you see this
rotation away from the biggest spenders
towards again the beneficiaries and also
maybe
some of the early winners on the
adoption front. But it's still quite
early there, but I think again it's it's
a story of infrastructure. It's just
infrastructure's broadening out. And
it's not just chips. We've been talking
a lot about energy, particularly in the
US, the great need to power up all of
these AI systems and the tax that that's
having on the grid that hasn't seen any
growth in the last 20 years. So, that's
what we've been talking to clients
about, the need to reduce some of the
concentration from these biggest
spenders and invest in the broader AI
value chain. Just one last point though
on the hyperscaler side. I'm I'm
interested for your views then on
Alphabet with the the huge amount of
debt issuance that we saw because that
was a concern coming out of earnings
about maybe there not being enough
investor appetite, but but at least for
Alphabet that's been well and truly
answered I think this week with that
sort of issuance that we've seen.
>> markets. In the debt markets, but yeah,
we'll read across for equities then. I
think the reality is this AI
infrastructure boom is only getting
better bigger. It's going to be pretty
gargantuan. So far, it's been heavily
financed by these companies' cash flows,
which should not be dismissed. These are
some of the most profitable companies
that have ever existed. They're betting
the house on AI, but they're
diversifying their financing sources
right now. Some of these companies are
more credit worthy than the US
government. So, do you want to blame
them for tapping into debt markets to
when they can access pretty attractive
financing means, particularly when
they're building out data centers that
they may use for 7-10 years? Do you want
to pay for that with the cash that you
just made this past quarter? So, I think
investors get a little spooked when they
see debt and it makes sense. All the
bubbles that we've seen historically
have burst because of an over-reliance
on credit, but we are not over-reliant
right now. The average net debt to
EBITDA for these hyperscalers is 0.8
times compared to the average US
investment grade issuer, 2.6 times. So,
overall leverage levels are very low.
We're tapping into bond markets. We're
going to have to get used to this just
given how much spending is needed. But
overall, you know, we still look at a
pretty healthy structure of all this AI
financing. Can I ask you about humanoid
robots and how
what does it have to do with the price
of tea in in in China as they say? How
does that go into the AI play? They're
nice to look at. Yeah. Uh just from an
investment thesis perspective, how does
that show up you think?
>> I haven't tried that yet here. I might
need to try one of these robotic tea
services. We have some of those coffee
chains in the US.
>> Yeah. Um when it comes to robotics,
we're obviously seeing some really
exciting advancements in the dexterity
and the abilities of these robotics and
that they have generative AI to thank
for that as well as agentic AI.
>> Okay. However, it's going to be far
harder to scale robotic AI than it is to
scale these agentic systems, these
systems that rely on software. Mhm. And
so, I think that there's a lot of
enthusiasm. There are early
opportunities there, but we're still
quite early when it comes to the
monetization of AI. And being early in
the markets can be the same thing as
being wrong. So, right now we think it's
still a time to really focus on
companies with real pricing power, real
earnings growth. And when on the robotic
front, we think focusing on
infrastructure again is key there, the
software systems, some of the hardware,
the chips that will be required here.
There's a lot that we can kind of look
at there. But when it comes to the
actual manufacturing and bringing to
market some of these things, we're still
a bit early.
>> And is that mostly an Asia Asia-centric
investment universe?
>> Yeah. But relative to the US, it it's
ahead. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I guess
particularly on the hardware side. But
but in terms of the is it really the
adoption you think or what what's the
biggest sort of bottleneck right now?
I think it's it's the materials, it's
the hardware, it's the the actual the
manufacturing prowess. And then you have
Asian economies are much better than
that than the US. So, I think, you know,
there's a bit of a differentiation
there. Um but in the US, I think where
we're going to see most of that focus
and perhaps here too is on manufacturing
and industrial capabilities. The
consumer applications are really
exciting, but we're still waiting for
the cost of that to come down because
the pricing power I'm not sure is there
yet as evidently. Outside of AI, what
other themes are we overlooking?
I think it's a great question and right
now you've seen this rotation towards
other value oriented parts of the
markets. Some of those lying in the AI
beneficiary scene, but beyond that
financials, health care, some sectors
that have been perhaps under appreciated
during all of this enthusiasm around AI,
but that still have really good
fundamentals behind it. I think we're
really excited about the comeback of
deal making that's benefiting parts of
financials particularly large cap, but
also benefiting health care. A few weeks
ago we had our JP Morgan health care
conference and sentiment is looking a
lot better. Of course, you want to be
really careful about what you own in all
of these sectors, but we think there's a
lot of opportunity there. Also an
opportunity to diversify across the
market cap spectrum
particularly leaning into down the
market cap spectrum.
>> Yes.
What about by geography as well? Last
year we saw we actually saw
outperformance finally for for
global or world ex-US. What happens this
year? Absolutely. And look, I'm based in
New York and and and no one sports a
home country bias quite like the US
investor,
>> [laughter]
>> but last year's performance I think
finally got the the gears turning and
there is now a greater appreciation for
the benefits of international
diversification, the benefits of some
dollar diversification, and the
opportunities in this AI wave as it
increasingly goes go global. Not just on
the infrastructure side, but even like
to hedge your competitive bets a little
bit. Right? There is a really vast and
growing competitive frontier. These
Chinese models are also getting better.
So I think there's a greater
appreciation for some of the
opportunities overseas and that's been
resonating more with clients. The risk
of a stronger dollar just to ask you as
a final question because the reminder of
what a strong dollar can do and sort of
the chaos it can cause across global
markets last year. I think it was 2
weeks ago when we had the Fed chair
nominee strengthen the dollar and
everything sort of just went to went
down the drain. Is there anything on the
horizon that you think could strengthen
the US dollar? That seems to be where
most of the pain trade is is sort of
originates from.
There's a few things. I think markets
are perhaps getting ahead of themselves
and really cementing expectations for
further rate cuts in the US. I think
what the jobs report really just showed
overnight was that the US economy is is
in a pretty good spot and it's going to
be really hard whoever the Fed chair is
to make a macroeconomic case for
significant easing if the economy is
humming along and inflation remains warm
because of tariffs. So there is this
real potential that the US economy
continues to grow. You have this
productivity potential. You have
inflation that remains sticky in the
near term and then the Fed has to stay
put for a bit and that could also
contribute to further dollar strength.
Stephanie, great to was this morning.
That was uh Stephanie Aliaga there, the
global market strategist or a global
market strategist to JP Morgan Asset
Management. And still to come, a big
interview coming up with the Binance
co-CEO. We'll be getting Richard Teng's
outlook for the sector after this year's
crash. Huge drop we've seen, of course.
You can see there [music] uh in Bitcoin
year-to-date. We'll have that much more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> You're watching the China show this
morning, taking a look at some of the
movers. Look at this red across the
screen here and it's all down to
earnings. We had NetEase's fourth
quarter game sales missing estimates, so
that stock under pressure was under
pressure in ADRs overnight. So just
falling to similar magnitude of what we
saw on Wall Street. Manulife as well, we
had their fourth quarter total core
earnings. They actually beat estimates,
but still that stock fairly steady today
in the session. And Budweiser and Dave,
you've been making that point that we're
just seeing broadly a pullback in in
alcohol
alcohol consumption really. And that and
that's weighed on not just Budweiser's
but but figures but but others as well.
It No, it has. This one and I think
Asahi Asahi's come out and said 11% drop
in Japan sales in January specifically
on beer.
Uh and I think Heineken was out with
some job cuts obviously as a reflection
overall I think of the reflection of of
the business moving forward. Now, just
speaking of earnings, right? So, we keep
talking about this this this Korea rally
that's been taking place. And I think
when you look at earnings revisions,
it's ea- it's easy to just go to Korea
immediately
uh because this chart just shows you
everything you need [clears throat] to
know about
the standout story in Korea as far as
earnings upgrades are concerned. We
showed you this chart yesterday really
by a wide wide wide margin, Korea stands
out
uh against anything in the world.
Arguably though, the concentration here
is also quite So, this could actually be
down to just a handful of companies
seeing their up Speaking of the memory
thing that we talked about.
>> Well, two really, Samsung and SK Hynix.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh
that's that's all you need though uh
when you look at this coming through. Uh
staying on the earning story, SoftBank
is the stock that we're tracking to
today. Yeah, we've got the uh third
quarter earnings that are going to be
coming out and the the the company's
essentially expected to bounce back to
profit. That's a Thanks to a surge in
its AI valuations. So, for more on this,
let's bring in our BI analyst Kirk
Wodrich joining us. And Kirk, uh we saw
this in the last quarter as well, but
but certainly the the the value
of its portfolio investments could be a
another uh
big boost to to the to the results.
Yeah, I think so. Um I mean, we're
pretty sure that they're going to be
able to take at least 6.5 billion
or 1 trillion yen
um in valuation gains for OpenAI that
they weren't able to do in the second
quarter. So, profitability, you know,
that that's looking likely. Um I mean,
OpenAI is is SoftBank generally trades
on what OpenAI is doing these days.
Okay.
Anything around the tie-up
with OpenAI? Can you talk a little bit
more about that, please?
Yeah, I mean, so the big issue right now
for OpenAI is that they're doing another
funding round. Um that SoftBank will
probably participate in. So, we're going
to have two
things to look at in the earnings.
Um but the first is to get an idea of
what the timing on that will be. Um
ideally, people would like to know what
the valuations would be like, but it's
it's very unlikely they're going to talk
about that. Um
but so the first issue is then, you
know, how how much farther is SoftBank
going to go investing in OpenAI? What's
the valuation going to do? And the flip
side of that is where's the money going
to come from? So, they did roughly 50 to
60 billion dollars in open in sorry, AI
value investments
in 2025.
Um [snorts] and that's taken their
loan-to-value ratio pretty close to um
their internal guardrails, which are
25%.
So, to do more investment, they need to
sell assets. And that's something that
we're really keen to see what they have
to say.
Yeah, I you know, they're they're
they're known to make very big bets.
Sometimes, if not most of the time, out
of consensus bets. And
perhaps why, you know, they're relevant
to the company. But do you get a sense,
Kirk, that if they do signal an openness
and a willingness to invest more into
OpenAI, do you think that will be uh,
received by the market as a good thing.
It is, and I think you're seeing like
the the surge in the share price coming
into earnings is expectations that
they'll have positive things to say
about Open AI. I mean, to go back to the
point I made earlier that, you know, the
SoftBank shares are really trading
around Open AI sentiment is,
you know,
they hit a high of close to 7,000 yen
back in October, and then there was
concerns with the new Gemini model came
out that Open AI would face much tougher
competition. I mean, SoftBank took the
brunt of that sort of
um, angst. Um, and the stock came off
that. Um, but we've seen a recovery
because there's an expectation that Open
AI is going to go out and raise 100
billion dollars at a valuation that
could be 50% higher
than what the stock is valued at now. I
mean, anything that sort of adds to that
narrative is positive for SoftBank cuz
they own 57 billion dollars of Open AI.
So, if you raise the value, then that's
that's good.
Cook, thanks so much for joining us this
morning. That was Cook Boudrie there
from Bloomberg Intelligence and some of
the other corporate stories that are
tracking today. Uh, the Shanghai Futures
Exchange will prevent certain businesses
that hold silver futures for hedging
purposes from carrying their contracts
through delivery. The move is in
response to extreme [music] supply
tightness. The change takes place from
the end of this month and could help
bring the market back into balance by
refusing additional [music] long
position quotas for hedges.
Heineken's shares closed higher in
Amsterdam. That's after announcing it
will cut about 7% of its workforce.
That's around a 5 [music] to 6,000 jobs,
mainly in Europe. Rising prices and a
trend toward lower alcohol consumption
have triggered [music] an industry-wide
slump in beer demand.
Takes us nicely to Asahi. Yeah, it it it
does because we talked about this
already. So, 11% drop in January, the
shares are slightly lower, so it's hard
to say that the the shares are reacting
to that specifically. [music]
It's also worth keeping in mind that
there was a cyber attack that did
disrupt systems late last year. Just to
put the number of 11% into [music]
context, right? -16% in December, -19%
in November, and +5% in October. So,
generally a down arrow store as [music]
far as beer sales are concerned. We'll
be taking a short break.
This is Bloomberg.
Right. Going into the Japanese lunch
break, big outperformance coming out
today here. Shiseido 15% to the upside.
Fourth quarter earnings really boosting
the stock price today. We're also
looking specifically, well, this is the
the the the the the biggest jump in
almost 8 years. Just to just for
context. A very strong earnings, of
course.
Forecast as well in terms of the
guidance coming through out of the
company. China travel stocks as we go
into, of course, the busiest time for
travel really anywhere globally any time
of the year. Just to underscore that
point. We're down about 2 to 3%. You
have inbound travel numbers on top of
that. Beijing City also
talking to the platforms and saying in
terms of transparency of the pricing,
[music] just get that out, of course,
and make sure that happens. China
electric stocks coming up on your
screens very, very shortly. There we go.
We're looking at limit up in some cases
there
on the back of this promise to boost
trade as far as that trade is concerned.
[music] Right. Just ahead, Binance
co-CEO will be joining us here on set to
talk us through the industry and the
outlook. Lots more ahead. This is the
China show.
>> [music]
>> Right. Welcome back. You're watching the
China show. Just to tell you about the
dollar weakness coming through in these
markets, [music] a persistent feature on
the macro side of things, and we're now
looking at the offshore RMB on your
screens, now poised for the longest
winning streak uh in about 2 years or
so. And of course, we've been talking
about the 690 handle, and as you can
see, we're currently uh based on the
quotes we're getting, we are extremely
close to that uh nice round number. Uh
right, that takes us from the dollar
China story to dollar Japan, uh where
really we've gotten, well, a couple of
things, right? The weak dollar so
conversations around the Takaishi trade,
and of course, that being pulled back
given the intervention risk at that uh
152 right now. So, really on the
stronger side of the recent range.
40-year yield down about 11 basis
points. Nothing much to tell you about
as far as the equity markets are
concerned, apart from sort of your
idiosyncratic equity uh earning stories
there. We talked about Shiseido.
SoftBank's on deck, and what they will
say, signal, or anything in between in
terms of the willingness and ability for
them to put more money into open Open
AI. Right, uh just a pivot here as far
as the equity market. Let's go to crypto
very quickly. There we go to state of
play. Bitcoin 67. We're off
lows, let's call it, of the last 5 or 6
days. Broadly speaking, here's the
Galaxy crypto index as concerned. Can
you look at that, and the segues as
quite nicely into the broader scheme of
things, and the broader conversation
with Annabelle.
Thanks, David. Let's get more on the
outlook for digital assets. Joining us
this morning is Richard Teng. He's
co-CEO of Binance, which is the world's
largest crypto exchange by trading
volume, and also by users. So, Richard,
great to see you again, and thanks for
coming into studio for us. So, I want to
get started with with the events that
have taken place really in recent
months, because we had an interview this
morning for with Joe Lubin, co-founder
of Ethereum, also the the the head of
consensus. But, really talking about all
of this volatility that we've seen even
this year stemming back to October 10th
of last year which was when we saw
the Athena
digital or stablecoin or synthetic
dollar essentially de-pegging on your
exchange. What happened exactly? Well,
so October 10th is not a crypto event,
is not a Binance event, is a market
event, right? So, if you remember what
happened on October 10th, right? Um
China imposed
restrictions and US responded 100%
tariffs and that because the entire
marketplace to down spiral. So, US
equity markets went down 1.5 trillion in
value that day.
Uh US equity saw 150 billion billion in
terms of liquidation. I mean, that's
ridiculous. Let me finish. So, crypto
market went down to a small extent 19
billion. It went through all the
exchanges. It's not only on Binance, it
went through the centralized exchange,
decentralized exchange on that day. So,
it is a crypto event, it's not a Binance
event. And the bulk of liquidation
happens around 9:00 9:00 p.m., you know,
uh USD time. Um
So, and after the bulk of liquidation
has happened, right? There are two
isolated episodes on Binance. The
platform operates 24/7, trading engine
was not impacted. There are two events.
One is an asset slowness transfer. Mhm.
And the second thing is the asset price
deviation that you mentioned on the US
DE, right? So, on those two isolated
event, there has nothing to do with
liquidation because the bulk of
liquidation has happened.
We compensated users to the tune of 300
million. On top of that, we took another
300 million because we saw a lot of pain
in the marketplace. Even though none of
the other centralized or decentralized
exchanges compensated users for
liquidation, we did we took another 300
million to say we will share that pain
with our users on that front. We stand
together with our users. So, we we came
up with that money and I mean, people
misunderstood to say that we will
compensate everything on for their
liquidation, but that's not the case.
That's market risk that they have to
pay.
>> the narrative is in the market and and
including from the founder of Athena
Labs for instance, Guy Long Guy Young
rather, is that he would say that this
is an episode that was very much
isolated to to Binance exchange and
particularly to to
you or Binance referencing the so-called
Oracle index on your own order book, not
the deepest pool of liquidity. It's it's
been a you know, across the industry I
guess a lot of people say this was
really just a localized event on your
exchange and you didn't see it. No, it's
not possible. Just look at public data.
Everything is on chain. So, you look at
the bottom liquidation, 75% of
liquidation has happened around you
know, 9:00 p.m.
At that point in time. And it happens
across exchanges before the asset
deviation prices happened, right? So,
everything is on chain. You will look at
independent observers, people look at
independent data. Hassib from Dragonfly
who's well known in the industry said,
"Guys, look at the data. Whatever your
allegations are there, it's not valid,
right?" So, to all the logical people
that are data based, people that are
sensible, look at data. It's not a
Binance event.
Okay. Okay, yeah. Then that 300 million
then that you refunded to customers,
what does that tell you then? Is that is
that any sort of admission of fault in
this? No, so as I mentioned, there are
two isolated events, right? They are
quite separate from liquidation. So,
there's a trans asset transfers loan as
for 2 or 3 minutes. And that resulted in
people that wanted to top up their
accounts to avoid liquidation. So, they
are impacted on that front. And then
also the price deviation that happens.
So, on that, you know, we take full
accountability. We compensated users 300
million. And on top of that, as I
mentioned, we did something else that no
other centralized exchange or
decentralized exchange did and we are
proud of what we do. We came up with
goodwill payments for users and that's
none what none of them did, right? So, I
just want to make sure that we put this
on record. And for all the independent
assessor, who are people are data
driven, who are sensible, you can look
at the records. It says by itself. It's
all in public chain.
Yeah, okay. I just to mention though, I
think
you know, a lot of people out there
would say that looking at particularly
the decentralized exchanges, they
weren't seeing the same sort of of any
sort of irregular price activity. But
>> No, it doesn't matter. Okay. There
there's a lot of liquidation happens on
decentralized exchanges as well. In
fact, the liquidation amount could be
even be bigger. So, have a look at the
data. Mhm.
What do you think is the the impact of
of all of the trading activity we've
seen since that point? Cuz it's
certainly been a
a period of extreme volatility and a lot
of selling pressure across Bitcoin,
altcoins as well. Well, when you look at
this type of big time events, right?
This type of market events, it will take
time for market to recover. So, on the
retail side, we do see more muted demand
for it. But, institutional demand has
continued to be strong, right? So, if
you look at institutional holding of
Bitcoin, it remains around 1.3 million.
In fact, in January we saw institutions
adding to that, right? So, another
43,000 Bitcoin being added to the
portfolio of institutions. I just came
from Davos in January. So, in terms of
the financial institutions, top
controls, the corporates that I speak
to, everybody's still very bullish.
People are still deploying on the
different areas of Bitcoin, blockchain,
crypto. So, the long-term momentum is
very strong.
I do touch people not to just look at
one point in time cuz in crypto we go we
do go through cycles, right? So, for
people like myself that have gone
through several cycles, it's part of the
course.
Uh but, for retail that just focus, I
mean, I just give you a different
timeline, right? So, 6 years ago
compared to prices now,
Bitcoin is probably gone up seven times,
six times, right? So, it's always easy
to just look at current and present, but
what is more important is to look at it
to have a long-term view of where the
momentum is. This industry is very
resilient. We see a lot of building
coming through, stablecoin issuance, you
know, in terms of market cap it rose by
50%. I speak to all the big
institutions, everybody is bullish on
that front. So, we're going to see a lot
more building. Real world asset
tokenization is coming through. All
these are big usage of, you know, crypto
and blockchain technology.
>> What about the ETF outflows though? Cuz
that's where you you've seen
>> comes and go. You know, at the peak of
bull prices, there's a lot of inflow.
You know, now you see outflow, but
that's how asset prices are, right?
Mhm.
Let's talk about as well another
stablecoin that's on your exchange. This
is USD 1.
It's heavily concentrated on Binance.
Why is that exactly? Look, so we are the
largest crypto exchange. If you look at
our volume vis-a-vis the next largest
exchange, uh we are five times bigger.
Even if you could stack us up against
the traditional exchange, we did 34
trillion in volume last year. I think
Hong Kong exchange did about 8 trillion
last year, right? So, just that just
shows the magnitude of our activity,
right? So, in terms of the stablecoin
space, for any stablecoin space, like 15
collaboration across different
stablecoin space. For any stablecoin,
more than 50% of all stablecoin on
centralized exchange is on Binance. You
just have to realize that, right? So,
that's the magnitude and scale we are.
Right? So,
>> At nearly 90%, it is unusual.
>> if you if you think about it,
when FTX invested in Binance as a
strategic investor, they picked USD 1 as
the mode of payment. As a crypto native,
we support different stablecoins. We
took that as a payment. So, that came
in. So, that accounts for the portion of
the amount that you mentioned. But, the
others are not exceptional. As I
mentioned, more than 50% we hold more
than 50%. Most of the stablecoins on
actual centralized exchange, majority of
it are us.
Are you concerned MGX of course is Well,
first we should also mention that that
USD one is of course very much linked to
to President Trump and and the Trump
family overall and MGX of course being
the Abu Dhabi investment vehicle that's
also looking at a lot of different US
investments. Are you concerned at all
around the optics of that of of MGX
choosing to invest in that way? Well, we
didn't pick that. MGX has come out
publicly to say that they supported USD
one. They picked that as the mode of
payment consideration. We as a crypto
exchange we support all the different
stable coins as I mentioned. We have,
you know, more than 15 that we are
really working very closely with on that
front. So, they picked that and the
truth is USD one was listed on other
exchanges first even before it was
listed on Binance, right? That's a fact,
right? So, and by being the largest
ecosystem, largest exchange any point in
time different players, stable coin
issuers will have conversation with us.
We work with them to see how we can best
to support this important utility in the
crypto space. So, we'll continue to work
very closely with all the different
stable coin issuers. So, recently we run
a campaign as well on um
the Ripple stable coin.
Um
and, you know, we we do that with
different stable Last year we run a
campaign with USDC, right? So, those
don't get reported,
you know, but the media like to just
sensationalize certain things that they
want to pick up.
>> Well, I think if there's like around $5
[laughter]
in circulation and $2 billion of that's
from MGX, you're talking about 40%. So,
nearly half. But we didn't pick that as
of the payment consideration.
>> Yeah. Let's talk about as well about the
the operations of Binance day-to-day
because obviously you're in the co-CEO
role right now. What does that look like
exactly? Well, actually on a day-to-day
basis nothing much has changed, you
know. So,
Yi has been the co-founder. Uh she's now
in the co-CEO. She has been
very inspirational of leader and she has
been, you know, instrumental in building
Binance up from day one, especially on
the user focus front in terms of our
product features, etc. I have worked
very closely E, you know, for the past
few years. As co-CEO, we are a team. And
our our aspiration, our ambition is very
clear. I mean, we have 300 million users
by now. That pace of growth is
phenomenal. In the past two years, we
went from 100 and something million in
early 2024 to 200 million by end of last
year. So, we are thankful for users
trust and supporting us. And we see a
lot more institutions, corporate
onboarding. Last year, you know, again,
we see very robust demand on that front.
Globally, we are the most regulated
exchange, regulated in 21 different
jurisdiction. And now we have a global
regulator in the form of Abu Dhabi
Global Market. Meaning that we are the
only exchange globally that's regulated
on end-to-end basis. No one else is
regulated like we do, right? From
customer onboarding to risk management
to governance to security, etc. So, all
users are subject to a code of data
protection. So, our aspiration is 1
billion users. We are going to push out
a lot more new products throughout the
course of this year. You have seen
precious metals being introduced about a
month back. And they have seen very
robust become in demand on our platform.
We are grateful for all the support on
that front. What's the What's the role
then of of of CZ? Do Do you answer to
him in any capacity? On a day-to-day
basis, the leadership team, including
myself, E, we work very closely with the
board of directors. So, we have seven
members, three independent directors,
including independent chairman on that
front. So, we continue to chat out. But,
CZ, you know, he is the major
shareholder as with all major
shareholders in any big corporate. He
have say over important corporate
decisions. That's similar to all listed
companies and all big companies in Asia.
Mhm. Richard, great to see you again and
do join us back in studio or at the
next, of course, Consensus event that's
happening in Hong Kong this week. That
was Richard Teng there, co-CEO of
Binance. And a reminder, of course, of
our new online feature. This is the
Bloomberg video hub. Subscribers can
explore live streaming news, interviews,
all of our Bloomberg TV. Shows,
documentaries, reporter analysis, and
more. So, do check it out at
bloomberg.com/videos.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Time for trending in China, which
is our segment, of course, looking at
what's making headlines in national
newspapers and sparking conversation
across social media. Uh you have Chinese
President Xi Jinping making a rare
reference to this corruption
investigation, [snorts] investigations
plural here, uh in his Lunar New Year
greetings to service members. That, of
course, is on the front page news uh on
the Communist Party-owned People's
Daily. Let's bring in Min Min Lo, our
China correspondent, uh to tell us what
stood out to her as far state media
coverage was was concerned, specifically
also also on on this one. Yeah, so it
it's quite usual for President Xi to
make his rounds before Spring Festival
to give his greetings greetings to
different groups of people. So, he spoke
to uh non-Communist Party members, some
industry groups, and he also spoke to
the service members. And I thought what
was interesting is he made this rare
mention of the purges that has been
going on. He mentioned what he calls the
revolutionary fight against corruption
and how it has been an extraordinary and
unusual year for China, and
understandably so, because this is
coming just a month after Zhang Youxia,
the vice chair of the Central Military
Commission, had been placed under
investigation. In the Central Military
Commission, now you only have two of the
seven members standing, because the five
of them have either been expelled or
placed under investigation. So, there's
only President Xi left and another newly
promoted uh vice chair. So, there's been
a lot of changes. It spoke to the shake
up that the military is has been seeing
and President Xi sort of appreciated the
service members and talked about how
they have proven their loyalty and
proven that they are reliable and
dependable and urged them to continue to
strengthen combat readiness during the
holiday to ensure peace and national
security and to respond promptly to any
emergencies.
And I think this really highlights all
the changes that has been has been going
through as China consolidates its power
in the military to to work towards, you
know, power projection further afield,
especially given all the volatility we
are seeing in the global environment
right now. You you mentioned it's
traditional for the president to make
his rounds ahead of the Lunar New Year.
Where else did he did he visit? So, he
also visited a Spring Festival Market
and an elder care center and there has
been a video that is put out by social
by state media online showing a very
heartwarming visual of him surrounded by
a lot of people and they're all clapping
along to what he said. So, it's a yeah,
so he was, you know, it was kind of a
heartwarming moment to show that
President Xi as a a leader of a country
1.4 billion people, he's still very much
in touch with people on the ground
talking to some of these, you know,
aunties in the market, talking to
delivery people as well. And then he
visited the elder care center and
perhaps that also shows the emphasis on,
you know, the taking care of the aging
population in China, the elder care sort
of services that China wants to
cultivate right now. He also visited a
science and tech park and again
emphasizing that science and tech is
going to be key for China's
self-reliance. Nothing new, but again
the choices of where he went to really
shows the priority of the country now.
Mhm. Curated. Min Min, thank you so
much. Min Min Loh, our China
correspondent there on the trending in
China segment and
really quite telling and noteworthy
where the president visited and of
course what made itself felt as far as
those areas are concerned. Uh right, uh
just for our Bloomberg clients, if you
are one of our subscribers, of course
you can rewatch that specific segment we
just did, of course, with Mwin or some
of the other uh interviews that you
might have missed across shows in the
last couple hours or so. TV go is the
function
>> [music]
>> you run, of course, on your Bloomberg
terminals.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Before we go, just a recap of some
of the big developments across the
geopolitical space. Uh in Venezuela, of
course, here you have the US energy
secretary. The big news overnight as we
woke up here in Asia Pacific, you have
Chris Wright uh saying Washington can
help Venezuela raise its oil, gas, and
electricity output this year. Uh our
colleague Anne Marie Hordern reports
from Caracas on that visit, and of
course, the challenges US firms face
returning to that economy.
It's an historic moment for Venezuela.
The highest-ranking US official is
visiting the country, the first time
we've seen this since the capturing of
Nicolas Maduro. This is a country where
the US closed its embassy in 2019, and
today we saw a cabinet official standing
outside the palace in front of an
American flag.
Secretary Chris Wright of the Energy
Department met with Acting President
Delcy Rodriguez. The two discussed
business ventures and how to collaborate
further when it comes to energy, mining,
and electricity in the country.
Secretary Wright said he came here with
a message from President Trump was that
he wants to make the Americas great
again, and he wants to transform this
relationship. He continuously talks
about you can transform a relationship
with commerce instead of boots on the
ground.
I'm Anne Marie Hordern in Caracas,
Venezuela, and this is Bloomberg.
There we go. Anne Marie reporting on the
ground for us overnight. In some other
world news that we're tracking this
morning here, President Trump says he
has told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu that he intends to press ahead
on talks with Iran. In a Truth Social
post, Trump says nothing definitive was
reached during their Washington
meeting or meeting in Washington rather,
but he insists that his preference
[music] was to reach a deal with Iran.
Now, Netanyahu's office meanwhile says
that the two leaders agreed to
continuously coordinate closely. Now,
Democratic lawmakers have accused
Attorney General Pam Bondi of well,
using the Justice Department to target
enemies of President Trump. In a rather
fiery
House Committee meeting here,
she was also [music] uh criticized for
supposedly bungling the release of files
on uh convicted sex offender Jeffrey
Epstein.
Bondi said that the Justice Department
has
>> [music]
>> investigations connected to Epstein
pending, but did not elaborate.
How many perpetrators are you even
investigating?
First,
you showed a you I I find it How many
have you I I excuse me. I'm going to
answer the question.
>> I answer my question.
>> No, I'm going to answer the question the
way I want to answer the question. No,
you can answer the question the way I
asked it. Chairman Jordan, I'm not going
to get in the gutter with these people,
but I'm going to answer the question.
>> have you invited? Uh again, the time
belongs to Reclaiming my time. The time
belongs to I think it's very interesting
I think it's very interesting You can
reclaim your time. when she talks about
they indicted Reclaim your time, Mr.
Chairman. The President said they
indicted him twice. Mr. Chairman, please
stop the clock and stop the clock and
restore his time. Okay, here we go with
these allegations.
Mhm, yeah. Quite
quite an exchange quite an exchange
there. Okay,
it's fairly more straightforward as it
pertains to markets. Have a look at
where we are as far as the big movers
are concerned. NetEase [music] and
that's down to uh earnings of course
that's at NetEase cloud music is down
about 12% net income down on the company
NetEase down about 30% year on year.
Although when you look at what the
street is saying maybe a soft spot on in
terms of but a broader improvement as
far as the pipeline
is concerned. Right, speaking of gaming
and gaming pipelines yeah Baba, Tencent,
Meituan and Baidu leading declines as
you can see quite substantially in fact
on price itself. Hang Seng Tech is down
about 12 all it just under 2% on the
benchmark following days of some rather
decent gains actually. Going the
opposite way now as you can see that
really on this AI trade the new names
against the sort of the old G tech
plays. Jeronimo which is 26% to the
upside really underscoring that that
that that trade and recent market
price trend. Right, very quickly
speaking staying on earnings just to
tell you about Lenovo and Huahong on
deck as far as the earnings deck is
concerned here just to watch that very
closely later today as far as we'll
unpack [music] this for you tomorrow
Friday the 13th. Before we get into that
iteration of the show tomorrow
very quickly Straits [music] Times Index
you have the budget coming through later
today watch that very closely in
Southeast Asia. That's it from us here
on the China show [music] inside with
Haslinda Amin is coming up next.